Since it means shooting in the eyes, I naturally have no objection.
But regarding this gold card, I have to go find someone else.
Hey, since it's me, there's someone here holding the Purple Gold Card,
It was also said that you gave it to someone. Is this possible?
What? Why did that regular customer arrive so quickly?
It seems that this is true, but he had a conflict with Jisheyu,
After shooting, I want to break his hand.
If a dog ejaculates, what will happen?
I can't even carry his shoes, just two pieces,
Just let the normal process come and eat.
OK, I understand.
How about, since what to say,
Is this card the most stolen one? Today,
You have to give him some color.
Then you are not strict
Not this one
Why can't you run away?
This is not strict
Even if Xiong Yan moves, do you dare to move?
Do you miss me? This
you are mistaken
What is this, a big boss at the bottom of society?
What's not a moment?
You listen to me and what I say
from now on
You are extremely broken
Get out of here right now